pipeline: inputs: kubernetes-events: Fix typo (#1434)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/kubernetes-events.md

```

### Event Timestamp

> Event timestamp will be created from the first existing field in the following order of precedence: lastTimestamp, firstTimestamp, metadata.creationTimestamp

Reviewer: Added line wrapping, removed passive voice, and turned the list into an ordered list to better indicate the order of precedence.

```suggestion

Event timestamps are created from the first existing field, based on the following
order of precedence:

1. `lastTimestamp`
1. `firstTimestamp`
1. `metadata.creationTimestamp`
```

Reviewer: As a note, Markdown will turn the "1"s into "1, 2, 3".

Author: Thanks!
